{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red13\green13\blue13;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13400\viewh10480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 The End User Licence Agreement\
\

\b0 Thank you for your purchase of a CAPSUN ProAudio product. Please take a moment to read the \'91COPYRIGHT/LICENSING NOTICE\'92 below. The Sounds and MIDI files remain the property of its manufacturer CAPSUN ProAudio, (Collectively, \'93Licensor\'94) and are licensed to you as the original end-user (\'93Licensee\'94), for use subject to the provisions below. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved exclusively by Licensor.
\b \
 \
\'93COPYRIGHT/LICENSING NOTICE 
\b0 : All Rights not expressly granted to the user are reserved. The sounds samples and MIDI files in this sample pack are licensed, not sold, to you to be reproduced within your original musical compositions only. All copying, lending, duplicating, re-selling or trading of this product or its content is strictly prohibited. Only the original purchaser of this product has the right to embody and reproduce the enclosed sounds and MIDI files within their music compositions. \cf2 The Licensee may use the Sounds and MIDI files in combination with other sounds in music productions (which include soundtracks such as films, video productions, radio/TV programs or commercials,\
computer games and multimedia presentations, library music, public performances and other\
reasonable musical purposes within musical compositions).The Licensee MAY NOT use the sounds and MIDI files in isolation as sound effects (i.e. a sequence of musical events) or within any competitive products that are sold or relicensed to multiple third parties. In these scenarios the Licensee must arrange an extension with CAPSUN ProAudio
\f1 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb100\sa100

\f0 \cf0 This license is granted for a single user only (and is given on a worldwide basis). The license is non-exclusive and is granted for the full period of copyright protection and sounds and MIDI Files. You cannot electronically transfer the sounds and MIDI files or place them in a time -sharing or service bureau operation or a computer/sampler network. Opening or using this product constitutes your acceptance of these terms." \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs22 \cf0 \
}